_pages/travel.md, before:

---
permalink: /travel/
title: "Travel"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /travel/
  - /travel.html
---

Seattle US
====
![Gasworks](/images/gasworks.jpg)
Gasworks

  Seattle (and surrounding area) is a gorgeous, melancholic, and productive city. There are so many amazing hikes, lakes, snowsports, watersports, outdoor activities etc within a 1-2 hour radius of Seattle. The cityscape at night is also beautiful. The summers are short, the rest of the year is gray with a constant drizzle. Seattle is a highly productive city, most obviously in tech with titans Microsoft and Amazon being headquartered in it. There is also strong presence in Science and research through the University of Washington and related research institutes. This attracts many engineers, scientists, and career-focused individuals. This abundance of career-focused individuals combined with the Seattle Freeze could be why the city punches above its weight economically, but reports [high levels of depression](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/data/seattle-still-the-nations-saddest-large-metro-area-survey-shows/). 

Portland US
====
![Cannon Beach](/images/cannon.jpg)
Cannon Beach

![Ecola Point](/images/ecola.jpg)
Ecola Point

![Crown Point](/images/crown.jpg)
Columbia River Gorge

![View from Mt. Hood](/images/meadows.jpg)
View from Mt. Hood

![Multnomah Falls](/images/multnomah.jpg)
Multnomah Falls

![Tamanawas Falls](/images/tamanawas.jpg)
Tamanawas Falls

Portland (and surrounding area) is a funky, sporty, and beautiful city. With Mount Hood towering above the city from many angles, you often get beautiful pink sky sunsets with Mount Hood fading away into the night sky. This area also is right next to the Columbia River Gorge where you find many beautiful waterfalls. Cannon Beach and other misty, pretty Pacific Northwest beaches are also 1-2 hour drives away. There is also whale watching, sea lion caves, coastal towns, waterfalls, hikes, snowsports, sand dunes, and more all within a 1-2 hour radius of Portland. Portland attracts many artists, musicians, and other creatives. It also attracts many athletes and sportswear professionals as Nike is headquartered there along with its many competitors.

Commit message:

added vancouver to travel section

_pages/travel.md, after:

---
permalink: /travel/
title: "Travel"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /travel/
  - /travel.html
---

Seattle &#127482;&#127480;
======
![Gasworks](/images/gasworks.jpg)
Gasworks

  Seattle (+ metro area) is a gorgeous, melancholic, and productive city. There are so many amazing hikes, lakes, snowsports, watersports, outdoor activities etc within a 1-2 hour radius of Seattle. The cityscape at night is also beautiful. The summers are short, the rest of the year is gray with a constant drizzle. Seattle is a highly productive city, most obviously in tech with titans Microsoft and Amazon being headquartered in it. There is also strong presence in Science and research through the University of Washington and related research institutes. This attracts many engineers, scientists, and career-focused individuals. This abundance of career-focused individuals combined with the Seattle Freeze could be why the city punches above its weight economically, but reports [high levels of depression](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/data/seattle-still-the-nations-saddest-large-metro-area-survey-shows/). 

Portland &#127482;&#127480;
======
![Cannon Beach](/images/cannon.jpg)
Cannon Beach

![Ecola Point](/images/ecola.jpg)
Ecola Point

![Crown Point](/images/crown.jpg)
Columbia River Gorge

![View from Mt. Hood](/images/meadows.jpg)
View from Mt. Hood

![Multnomah Falls](/images/multnomah.jpg)
Multnomah Falls

![Tamanawas Falls](/images/tamanawas.jpg)
Tamanawas Falls

Portland (+ metro area) is a funky, sporty, and beautiful city. With Mount Hood towering above the city from many angles, you often get beautiful pink sky sunsets with Mount Hood fading away into the night sky. This area also is right next to the Columbia River Gorge where you find many beautiful waterfalls. Cannon Beach and other misty, pretty Pacific Northwest beaches are also 1-2 hour drives away. There is also whale watching, sea lion caves, coastal towns, waterfalls, hikes, snowsports, sand dunes, and more all within a 1-2 hour radius of Portland. Portland attracts many artists, musicians, and other creatives. It also attracts many athletes and sportswear professionals as Nike is headquartered there along with its many competitors. 



Vancouver &#127464;&#127462;
======
![Cypress Lookout](/images/vancouver.jpg)
Cypress Lookout

Vancouver (+ metro area) is gorgeous, clean, and international. Whistler Mountain is a 1.5 hour drive north and Stanley Park is beautiful. Similarly to Portland and Seattle, there are various hikes, beaches, and snowsports all 1-2 hours away. Vancouver's main industry is commerical real estate and it has an influx of foreign investment, especially from Asia. This combined with geographic limitations (bordered by mountains to the north, ocean to the west, and the USA to the south) limits expansion which drives up the value of the available land and properties. This leads to extremely high housing prices, which is highly controversial among locals. Proof of this can be seen through the skylines of Vancouver, Burnaby, etc. which are almost exclusively high-rise apartments.
